[TOC]
Introduction
============
WY_Serialize is a C++ library that provides serialization capabilities to other applications. Meaning that applications can save the different data state of their components to a savefile and load it back. Said applications have to manage what data to save and what data to load, but WY_Serialize provides an API that abstracts the saving and loading features, including a save/load structure/flow that hopefully helps applications implement these features easily.

The library is developed on a Linux system, so some porting effort may be required to build it on other systems. I have adhered to using only standard C++ library APIs so hopefully the only porting effort required is to modify the build system. 

File Organisation
=================
There are 3 directories in the base directory: 

src: All the source files are here. \n
build: All build files, including the executable, are here. Note that the Makefile is located here as well. \n
doc: All documentation files are here. HTML Documentation is generated by Doxygen. So only a README and a Doxyfile is in this directory. Users should run "doxygen" in this directory to generate the documentation.

Usage
=====
Refer to the following example files for how to use the library. This is probably the best illustration as to how to use the library:

WY_SerializeTypes.hpp (Modify this for your application.) \n
Demo.cpp \n
DemoObj1.hpp \n
DemoObj1.cpp \n
DemoObj2.hpp \n
DemoObj2.cpp \n
\n
To build the library and application, just go into the build directory and enter "make".

Explanation of Implementation
=============================

Saving A File
-------------
To save any data to a file, 
- The data needs to be encapsulated in an class that inherits the WY_SerializeObj class.
- Said class needs to implement the WY_SerializeObj::get_save_data() virtual function.
- Said function is of course, application-specific so you have to implement exactly what needs to be saved. See the DemoObj1 and DemoObj2 sample codes for examples.
- Add a pointer of this object to a WY_SerializeMgr object using the WY_SerializeMgr::add_serialize_obj() function.
- The order in which object pointers are added to WY_SerializeMgr will be the order in which their data will be saved.
- Call WY_SerializeMgr::save_all_objs() to save data to a file.
- The WY_SerializeMgr::save_all_objs() function will call the WY_SerializeObj::get_save_data() function in every WY_SerializeObj object added to WY_SerializeMgr to retrieve the data that needs to be saved and save it to file.

Loading A File
--------------
To load data from a file, 
- The data needs to be encapsulated in an class that inherits the WY_SerializeObj class.
- Said class needs to implement the WY_SerializeObj::get_load_data() virtual function.
- Said function is of course, application-specific so you have to implement how to copy loaded data from the file into your object. See the DemoObj1 and DemoObj2 sample codes for examples.
- Add a pointer of this object to a WY_SerializeMgr object using the WY_SerializeMgr::add_serialize_obj() function.
- The order in which object pointers are added to WY_SerializeMgr will be the order in which their data will be loaded.
- Call WY_SerializeMgr::load_all_objs() to load data from a file.
- The WY_SerializeMgr::load_all_objs() function will call the WY_SerializeObj::get_load_data() function in every WY_SerializeObj object added to WY_SerializeMgr to load the data that needs to be loaded into each object.

Memory Management
-----------------
WY_SerializeMgr will not deallocate the WY_SerializeObj objects added to it. Deallocation of these will have to be handled externally AFTER the WY_SerializeMgr itself is deallocated.

